feat(commander): Remote ID in-flight failsafe via COM_ARM_ODID (#27029)
PX4/PX4-Autopilot: docs/en/config/safety.md

| ---------------------------------------------------------------------------- | ---------------------------------------------------------------- |
| [NAV_TRAFF_AVOID](../advanced_config/parameter_reference.md#NAV_TRAFF_AVOID) | Set the failsafe action: Disabled, Warn, Return mode, Land mode. |

## Remote ID Failsafe

<Badge type="tip" text="PX4 v1.18" />

> The Remote ID failsafe is triggered when the [Remote ID (Open Drone ID)](../peripherals/remote_id.md) module is missing or loses its heartbeat while the vehicle is armed and airborne.

Reviewer: Is the check really just "loses its heartbeat"? I mean should this be:
 
```suggestion
The Remote ID failsafe is triggered when the [Remote ID (Open Drone ID)](../peripherals/remote_id.md) module heartbeat is lost while the vehicle is armed or airborne.
```

Thanks for the docs. Look good. I did a minor tweak just "to my taste".

Author: To be precise the check is heartbeat based but losing the heartbeat is not the only check done, the other check is the heartbeat is there but the component reports unhealthy. Updated the doc, feel free to improve it tho!

Reviewer: No, it looks great thanks.
